Update `.quickstart.yml` and `README` (#33)
fivetran/dbt_reddit_ads: README.md

| [reddit_ads__url_report](https://fivetran.github.io/dbt_reddit_ads/#!/model/model.reddit_ads.reddit_ads__url_report) | Represents daily performance at the individual URL level, including `spend`, `clicks`, `impressions`, and `conversions`, enriched with ad context.<br><br>**Example Analytics Questions:**<ul><li>Which landing pages are driving the highest conversion rates?</li><li>Are certain URLs performing better with specific ad creative combinations?</li></ul> |

¹ Each Quickstart transformation job run materializes these models if all components of this data model are enabled. This count includes all staging, intermediate, and final models materialized as `view`, `table`, or `incremental`.

---

## Visualizations

> Many of the above reports are now configurable for [visualization via Streamlit](https://github.com/fivetran/streamlit_reddit-ads). Check out some [sample reports here](https://fivetran-reddit-ads.streamlit.app/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Many of the above reports are now configurable for [visualization via Streamlit](https://github.com/fivetran/streamlit_ad_reporting). Check out some [sample reports here](https://fivetran-ad-reporting.streamlit.app/ad_performance).
```
